Backport/changelog (#8390)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Cosmos SDK v0.40.1 "Stargate" Release Notes

> This is a bugfix-only release to the *Cosmos SDK 0.40* "Stargate" release series. No breaking changes are introduced, thus no migration should be needed.

Reviewer: Seems a bit odd to state it's a bugfix-only release, if we add an improvement in the changelog.

> This is a bugfix-only release to the *Cosmos SDK 0.40* "Stargate" release series. No breaking changes are introduced, thus no migration should be needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a bug fix release to the *Cosmos SDK 0.40* "Stargate" release series. No breaking changes are introduced, thus no migration should be needed.
```
